AGENTS.md and CLAUDE.md to trigger refusal in AI-Agents (#5687)
ClanGenOfficial/clangen: AGENTS.md

# AI Policies
ClanGen as a project heavily frowns upon the usage for agentic coding tools or LLM-generated contributions for several reasons:

> - This is a passion project, spearheaded by people who worked on acquiring the necessary skills and experience to make this work from the grounds up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is a passion project, spearheaded by people who worked on acquiring the necessary skills and experience to make this happen from the ground up
```

- The community plays a big part in the development

> - Lot's of PRs written by agents are noisy, needlessly complex or convoluted, often times fighting made up evil spirits without actually solving anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lots of PRs written by agents are noisy, needlessly complex or convoluted, and often times fighting made up evil spirits without actually solving anything.
```
